movie recap here today i will explain a
mystery thriller movie called the room
spoiler ahead so let's start movies main
characters include a boy
matt and a girl kate it is a young
couple
they purchase a manor in a small city
matt is an artist while kate is a
translator
but both had quit their jobs and they
had to do something new
the surrounding of their new manner has
nothing where they are shifted
but that manner is spacious and splendid
while checking the house
matt finds a very unique room and they
also get the room key from the things of
house
as they go to open that room the voltage
fluctuation of houses started
and lights are switched off with it next
day they take electrician in basement
calling him
and matt is surprised going to basement
because basement is full of electric
wires
no corner was without electric wires and
there is a lightened wheel exactly at
the center in the basement
these lights are lightening while the
house lights are off electrician takes
this setting very odd
so he is unable to help them anyway but
going away
he says to matt that you purchased this
house which was empty for a long time
i am shocked on it and he more tells a
strange thing that its previous
residents were killed
hearing it matt feels fear thinking that
we are living in such house where
someone has been murdered
and it was obviously threatening for
them she hides this conversation from
kate but searches through social media
dot then he comes to know that a boy
killed a couple living in this house in
the year 1975.
but the reason of murder is unknown till
today afterward that boy was sent to a
psychiatric hospital
after it matt stays at that room alone
taking a lamp
and he wishes for the other alcoholic
drink and a kept lamp beside him
fluctuates and light is gone for a time
as the electricity comes on he finds an
alcoholic drink in front of him
seeing it he is afraid on this happening
this bottle is like his own bottles
waking up in the morning kate notices
that all house lights are fluctuating
and then she visits in that room to see
matt as kate enters that room
she finds that room filled with the
different things including paintings
dresses and many more things and then
matt informs kate
this room can provide us our wished
things and matt asks her to desire
kate says on it give me a good job on it
matt explains her this room provides
things not jobs
just desire for a thing you will get it
x
then she desires for money then they
find money in the corner as the light
fluctuates
first of all kate dislikes it matt
clears up
but they become covetous after that they
wish for the different alcoholic drinks
diamonds expensive ornaments dresses and
arrange parties
and it continues for many days and they
make a money wall
they have taken many things from that
room they have amused and enjoyed much
from it
but this room is going to be useless
kate is depressed on it
and matt talks about the baby but kate
does not agree with it
because she had already lost her two
babies they both argue matt goes outside
freshening him
and kade remains at home in depression a
thought comes to her mind and she wishes
for a baby going in that room
he also gets a baby in return as matt
comes to his house
he is surprised seeing the crying baby
shouting on kate
he clears that we had to wish for things
not any human being
what did you do what may be the
consequence they cannot return the baby
back and had become over sentimental
matt searches the article of this house
murder on internet
then he knows the killer name was john
doe and he had killed them because of
this room's wish
and he visits psychiatric hospitals to
meet that killer
reaching there john doe knows that they
are living in the same house
on it he says leave the house as soon as
possible
returning back to his house he fills up
his car with gasoline
while checking his pocket he finds no
money but dust
here a great secret is revealed about
that room and demanded things from that
room will be perished leaving the house
he comes to the house running and starts
checking again he wants to know the
reason of it's happening
at last what is the reason behind it but
he finds nothing except electric wires
and these electric wires are not only in
the basement but in the whole house
that baby is bitterly weeping so kate
takes her out the house
matt forbids her to not take him outside
but he does not reveal the truth
in spite of this thing she goes out the
house as she goes outside
the baby starts weeping loudly and his
complexion is also changed
after sometimes baby's sound is no more
but kate is shrieking
she is calling matt then mad brings both
inside
then a strange thing is encountered
their small baby is not infant now but
had transformed into seven to eight
years old child
then we know that the given living
things of that room will continue to
grow up going outside the house
and the growth of this age will turn him
into old man putting him into death
so this is the reason that they had to
keep him inside
kate is left surprised knowing it but
she had accepted that child till then
and there are the matrimonial issues
between husband and wife
even they begin to live in different
rooms kate's son shane is everything for
her
matt paints the black and white color in
his room shane is normal like other kids
in living in appearance
but he is disallowed to go outside there
was a dispute between them taking shane
once shane awakes the whole night due to
their dispute and continues to wander in
the whole house
wandering in the house he reaches near
the electric wires and wheels in the
basement
and everything is begun to clear before
him gradually
and he also visits that room he comes to
know about the secret of his arrival in
this world and he has extra powers
then next day shane converts that room
into a garden with many trees through
his imagination
there is also snow and he makes snow man
with it kate is satisfied with that
child because she
is fostering him considering her own
child but matt is unhappy thinking that
child can do anything using his extra
powers
and that child was underestimated
meanwhile matt receives a call of john
doe from psychiatrist hospital
and he exposes his reality that why did
he kill that couple
he says that i had killed that couple
because of their wish of a child from
that room
that child was no one but john doe he
had grown old so it was necessary for
him to go outside for searching
and he had to lead a life as a normal
being but there are many restraints
then room tells him that you will have
to kill that person who wished for your
arrival in the world
so it is a cause that he kills that lady
who desired
and her husband also becomes the victim
so he is imprisoned
kate overhears all this conversation
from another phone and leaves the house
furiously taking the car
that big mistake has been committed by
her she does not return at home late
night and continues her driving
while shane is asking for his mother
matt reveals the reality in anger
that we have demanded you from that room
and going outside
you will grow within five minutes and
die after getting old
then he brings him near the door
dragging but he becomes emotional taking
him as a child
on it he apologizes that child and tells
a story
then they behave as father and son
returning back to home at midnight kate
is pleased seeing both together and
thinks matt finally accepted the child
then matt is awoken and they both are
alone in the room
and shane observes them outside the door
and his heart feels something for his
mother
and he is also aware the whole reality
then he goes outside next day
he is transformed to a young boy of 17
to 18 adult as he returns
he attempts to shoot matt [ __ ] inside
kate is bruised and loses her senseless
in the meantime
as kate restores her senses matt tells
her that he is dead in a fight between
us
hearing it both are saddened that we had
got a child for a few days but now he is
no more
then kate says to him i don't want to
live here but leave
then matt replies we have not money and
above all
we can attain everything for our
survival so we should not leave this
place
kate feels matt's changing behavior
which is turning him strange
suddenly he behaves oddly and it comes
to know that he is not mad but shane who
was transformed into a man
shane was aware about his extra powers
he transformed him into mad because of
her growing feelings for kate
then shane changes that room like his
house shane takes unconscious kate into
that room
awakening matt searches both throughout
the house but he is not able to find
both of them
even that room is also locked making a
big hole in a side wall
he goes inside where he finds the
tangled electric wires
removing them he goes to the other side
of wall where he finds the same location
of his house
then matt understands that it has been
done by shane
the kate faces two persons of matt's
appearance in confusion
she calls shane who responds on it then
he comes to know about real mad and
shane
and kate escapes from here taking matt
everything was under control of shane's
power
he begins to change the setting of whole
house and they don't find any way for
escapism
the real mad was running outside the
house shane chases them over it
but they had come to real house crossing
that wall and shane also comes into the
real house after them
matt brings him out the house dragging
and then kate shuts the door
staying outside for a long time he grows
and transforms into an old man putting
him in to death
kate is disturbed after this and then
they leave the house and movie also ends
here